Modernize documentation code (#10126)
doctrine/doctrine2: docs/en/reference/dql-doctrine-query-language.rst

    DQL DELETE statements are ported directly into an SQL DELETE statement.
    Therefore, some limitations apply:

    - Lifecycle events for the affected entities are not executed.

>     - A cascading ``remove`` operation (as indicated e. g. by ``cascade={"remove"}``
>       or ``cascade={"all"}`` in the mapping configuration) is not being performed

Reviewer: This is annotations syntax and should be changed to attributes syntax as well. We should scan the docs for more occurrences.

```suggestion
    - A cascading ``remove`` operation (as indicated e. g. by ``cascade: ['remove']``
      or ``cascade: ['all']`` in the mapping configuration) is not being performed
```
